# MegaInventoryTest
 Megainventory Test 
 
First of all I made the structure of the project, this is structured like this:
Modules: 
-Apikey. Object with the Apikey to legacy it. Apikey is inherited by the Update objects so that all have the APIKEY.

-Mv. All the mv objects with their properties.

-Updates. All the objects that once converted to Json are sent through a POST to the API. The Update objects also have as property their corresponding Mv objects.

Services: 
-ApiServices. This java class has all the general methods necessary to make the POST and receive the response from the API. 

-Util. Java class that I use to create messages on the screen.

Interface:
-MainInterface.form. File generated by the Ide which contains the data of the graphic Interface used. In this case JSwing.

-MainInterface.java. Main file of the project. Here is executed the interface and all the necessary methods to achieve the requested task.

Next part. Methods.

Methods in Modules.
All modules (objects) have a constructor with their corresponding properties and their respective getters and setters.

Methods in ApiServices.
private void startOperation(String endURL)
Method that prepares the connection with the URL according to the POST to be made.

private void endOperation()
Ends the connection.

public Response requestPost(String jsonString,String endURL)
Requests a String json and the appropriate endURL. Creates the connection calling the startOperation method, performs the POST storing the information in a Response, terminates the connection with endOperation and returns the Response object.

Methods in MainInterface.java
public static void main(String[] args)
Method that starts the Jframe (Interface).

public MainInterface()
Method that has a listener linked to the interface button and calls the respective methods.

public void create...()
Methods that create the necessary objects for the Json obtaining the data from the interface. Once created they are stored in a local variable.

public void post...()
Method that transforms the Update... objects to Json and calls the requestPost() method through a local object of ApiServices type.

public int getID...()
Method that obtains the ID of the Json you get from the API response. Returns that value.

